Expose force/release to cocotb (#1403)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/quickstart.rst

Use ``sig.setimmediatevalue(new_val)`` to set a new value immediately
(see :meth:`~cocotb.handle.ModifiableObject.setimmediatevalue`).

In addition to regular value assignments (deposits), signals can be forced
to a predetermined value or frozen at their current value. To achieve this,

> the various actions derived from :class:`~cocotb.handle.SetAction` can be used.

Reviewer: You'll need to add `autoclass` directives to the `library_reference.rst` in order for this link to work. I suggest you instead use something like:
```
.. _set-actions-section

Set actions   # this is a lousy title, please use a better one!
===========

.. currentmodule:: cocotb.handle

.. autoclass:: Deposit
```
and then make this line
```suggestion
the various actions described in :ref:`set-actions-section` can be used.
```

.. code-block:: python3

    # Deposit action
    dut.my_signal <= 12

>     dut.my_signal <= Deposit(12) # equivalent syntax

Reviewer: nit: PEP8 wants
```suggestion
    dut.my_signal <= Deposit(12)  # equivalent syntax
```
same throughout

    # Force action
    dut.my_signal <= Force(12) # my_signal stays 12 until released

    # Release action

>     dut.my_signal <= Release() # Reverts any force/release assignments

Reviewer 2: Should this be
```suggestion
    dut.my_signal <= Release() # Reverts any force/freeze assignments
```
?
